Bulk text formatting updates to the clusterawareupdating module (#3133)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/clusterawareupdating/Set-CauClusterRole.md

the configuration of this parameter, CAU installs the applicable updates for each plug-in
sequentially.

> The parameter is valid only when multiple plug-ins are specified in **CauPluginName** parameter. If a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter is valid only when multiple plug-ins are specified in the **CauPluginName** parameter. If a
```

> Specifies the maximum amount of time CAU should wait for the Suspend-ClusterNodecmdlet to succeed if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum amount of time CAU should wait for the `Suspend-ClusterNode` cmdlet to succeed if
```
